EIP-7594: PeerDAS explicit csc integer size (#3897)
ethereum/consensus-specs: specs/_features/eip7594/das-core.md

Each node downloads and custodies a minimum of `CUSTODY_REQUIREMENT` subnets per slot. The particular subnets that the node is required to custody are selected pseudo-randomly (more on this below).

> A node *may* choose to custody and serve more than the minimum honesty requirement. Such a node explicitly advertises a number greater than `CUSTODY_REQUIREMENT` via the peer discovery mechanism -- for example, in their ENR (e.g. `custody_subnet_count` as known as `csc: 4` if the node custodies `4` subnets each slot) -- up to a `DATA_COLUMN_SIDECAR_SUBNET_COUNT` (i.e. a super-full node).

Reviewer: Should the new part be "also known as"? Either way, I find this sentence confusing. Maybe this instead?
```suggestion
A node *may* choose to custody and serve more than the minimum honesty requirement. Such a node explicitly advertises a number greater than `CUSTODY_REQUIREMENT` through the peer discovery mechanism, specifically by setting a higher value in the `csc` (custody subnet count) field within its ENR. This value can be increased up to `DATA_COLUMN_SIDECAR_SUBNET_COUNT`, indicating a super-full node.
```

> A node *may* choose to custody and serve more than the minimum honesty requirement. Such a node explicitly advertises a number greater than `CUSTODY_REQUIREMENT` through the peer discovery mechanism, specifically by setting a higher value in the `csc` (custody subnet count) field within its ENR. This value can be increased up to `DATA_COLUMN_SIDECAR_SUBNET_COUNT`, indicating a super-full node.

Reviewer: Since we reverted `csc` to `custody_subnet_count`:
```suggestion
A node *may* choose to custody and serve more than the minimum honesty requirement. Such a node explicitly advertises a number greater than `CUSTODY_REQUIREMENT` through the peer discovery mechanism, specifically by setting a higher value in the `custody_subnet_count` field within its ENR. This value can be increased up to `DATA_COLUMN_SIDECAR_SUBNET_COUNT`, indicating a super-full node.
```
